no help for eight and he has not left his room since 24 hours ago we do not know
what happened to them and if it does not show what we will do with the video
geek insurance should have been revealed playing his south audio tab
can porn pages the damn pervert
Now that I see it, I'm going to leave the mother for not paying attention to her
channel and talk about something for it but you may be looking for something to
re-operate on the 'planet science'
I had him conscience recently and look with that mom, Mrs. Culero
telling me we wanted something and ended up with pure bullshit that you were not
nothing happened
guillemo say it but I think that this time we will not talk about anything in the ink and
that probably put some stupid stuffing like in the previous video
they may be right but I will continue saying that you have something prepared for
this video
good morning and never the lizard filmmaker fagot xd
good travel to Cuba
hehe
good morning until he finally gets ready
How nice would it be that the fuck I'm going to leave the mother to see you
bullshit instead of looking for a topic to clarify
and who says that I do not have a subject to speak it
gay has done I have one that has little to be known so there are few
sources of it but there are some pages like yahoo and some
newspapers like the one in my country mexico the universal and the miviot post in states
united that have already confirmed this topic
is serious and what is the subject
I'm not going to tell you
so do not fuck me before the video xddddd from dd dd dd dd dd dd dd
Well, let's start with the montage of the video, time is money
yes
rock
now
well I think everything is ready so let's start
Hello Youtube friends
I am receive with x 0 89 bringing here as I had promised a topic to
speak it in this video
alright so I'll start with the subject
is with a statement from the editor editor of marvel comics
axel alonso
On Wednesday, June 22, an edition of Spain and Berman came out of the series
ultimaimes which is already the 160th comic of this one where you can
see the death of piter parker is the same spider man
rafa
you do not have
it's true this fucking geek
spider man dies
so is
one of the most beloved heroes of the marvel comics company dies in the comic
number 160 in the hands of the best-known villain of this hero the green goblin
before dying in the arms of his beloved merideño he dedicates his last
words to your aunt month which I will quote verbatim for you
I could not save Uncle Ben
it did not matter what he did
but I saved you
I did it
these are his last words before dying according to previous appointments
that were distributed by the same publisher
it can not be true and you already know through britain this has to be a
mind
we can say that it is true that nothing
and according to some words of the scriptwriter brought toast who had already eleven
years working on the argument of the death of piter parker said that this
they made it happen the same as with other superheroes like superman who have
dead to come back to life in popularity and to see the stories that
they would originate from his death
this said with these words that I will quote now
is the end point this has a meaning and it will not work if we do not keep
firm
and for those who did not understand the final
unit of this I will explain to you
apparently the death of piter parker does not mean the disappearance of
Spiderman has been a first step for a new character to claim
his arachnid alter ego in autumn
we are going to have some new countries brothers in
Bogota
this said by himself the thorax the alonso without having given more details
about his new protagonist who will make his debut in August of this year within
the saga ultimaimes
good if you wonder what is the saga ultimaimes is a series started to
published in the year 2000 with the aim of attracting young people with
the alternative and updated stories of their superheroes more
famous as the sones country german the fantastic four or the x men
got damn
poor piter then significance will no longer be the spiderman of now in
ahead
it never means simply that pinter parker disappears definitively
of the saga ultimates but spider-man fans like ginatta exist
you can continue watching the adventures of piter parker in the classic diamé series
and ends brother country
that the publishing house continues publishing since it was launched in 1962
for birds verbal strength
outside its borders the third phase
yes after more than 100
efe the chief of codelco the dt
and when you go that will go on sale on Monday the two sister countries
the official launch
It was this Wednesday, June 22, 2011, but only for New York
unknown the release date on this number in the rest of the world
but so while I can say that although this hero so loved by
many die in history does not mean that it will disappear since this will cause
spiderman fans get the above stories apart
of the latter to be able to see and enjoy the latest adventures that
had his favorite hero and that this will be what will make him never die from
the mind
nor the hearts of his followers
how pretty that thought and yes
i was very poetic hehe
but what the fuck
I think you heard quite gay requires shit plus you did not have
said that only the last saga dies etc and now goes out with those moms can
Shut up, damn the fourth son of a bitch
Do not look for this emotional moment together
how can piece of shit be so insensitive
in this time as they were to hopkins
damn the lower house this Thursday do until 4 will leave as there is
strings to say some words have debt company debt and I thought
that tour will bring from those saints who were never seen saying bad words
and see my surprise is quite big when you hear it right now xddddd of dd dd dd dd
dd dd dd
regardless of the death of spiderman in comic book 160 of the
series ultimaimes the only thing I can tell you about this is that he was and
is one of the heroes of the greatest comics that have existed
and that many generations enjoyed during their childhood and adolescence with
the fantastic adventures of this hero so known to all of us
that's why I tell you from all of them and that all of us thank you very much
piter parker thank you very much brother country
good friends of 'youtube' this was all for this occasion
I say goodbye to all my assistants because as you can see
and simat just found a new hobby
and also that this is a moment the mineral leading to bankruptcy with so many
beatings that receives every time xddddd from dd dd dd dd dd dd dd
but no way what you're going to do like this is life
do not forget to comment score and others
now if until the next
poor fuck or a mon